Split SDK docs into CLI and Upgrades (#1380)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-sdk: packages/cli/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= Command Line Interface (CLI)

> *Develop, deploy and operate upgradeable smart contract projects*. Support for Ethereum and every other EVM and eWASM-powered blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Develop, deploy and operate upgradeable smart contract projects* on Ethereum using the OpenZeppelin CLI.
```

Author: I'd rather not repeat 'OpenZeppelin CLI' again. Do you want to remove the bit about other EVM blockchains? It's on the [current readme](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-sdk#openzeppelin-sdk)

Reviewer: Hmm let's drop the eWASM bit, keep the EVM one.

> * *Interactive commands*: Send transactions, query balances, and interact with your contracts directly from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Interactive commands*: Send transactions, query balances, and interact with your contracts directly from the command line, using commands like `oz send-tx`, `oz call`, `oz balance`, and `oz transfer`.
```

> * *Upgrade your contracts*: You can develop your smart contracts iteratively, speeding up development locally, or squashing bugs in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Deploy & upgrade your contracts*: You can develop your smart contracts iteratively, speeding up development locally, or squashing bugs in production. Run `oz create` to deploy your contracts, followed by `oz upgrade` any time you want to change their code.
```

> * *Link Ethereum Packages*: Use code from contracts already deployed to the blockchain directly on your project, saving gas on deployments and managing your dependencies securely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Link Ethereum Packages*: Use code from contracts already deployed to the blockchain directly on your project, saving gas on deployments and managing your dependencies securely, just with an `oz link` command.
```

> * *Build a dapp*: Jumpstart your dapp by unpacking one of our starter kits, pre-configured with OpenZeppelin Contracts, React, and Infura.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Bootstrap your dapp*: Jumpstart your dapp by unpacking one of our starter kits, pre-configured with OpenZeppelin Contracts, React, and Infura. Run `oz unpack` to start!
```

== Overview

=== Installation

[source,console]
----
$ npm install @openzeppelin/cli
----

=== Usage

All CLI commands are fully interactive: you can call them with no or incomplete arguments and they will prompt you for options as they proceed.

> Below is a short list of the most used commands:

Reviewer: Let's add link and unpack
